BUG: DataFrame.eval inconsistently handles duplicated columns (#65656)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.1.0.rst

Other
^^^^^

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.eval` where a column name appearing on multiple columns was resolved to a single column (yielding a :class:`Series`), inconsistent with :func:`pandas.eval` using ``resolvers=(df,)`` and with :meth:`DataFrame.__getitem__`, which include every column with that label (:issue:`65588`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.eval` where a duplicate column name was resolved to a single column (yielding a :class:`Series`), inconsistent with :func:`pandas.eval` using ``resolvers=(df,)`` and with :meth:`DataFrame.__getitem__`, which include every column with that label (:issue:`65588`)
```

Author: @jorisvandenbossche I have reflected the suggested changes.
